Brave young cowboys of the near North side
Mount those bridge rails, ride all night
Scream when captured, arch your back
Let this whole town hear your knuckles crack
Sapphire Trans-Am high-beams in rain
Drive wild broncos down the plain
Push up to the corner where the turbines hiss
Someday we won't remember this
Crawl 'till dawn
On my hands and knees
Goddamn these vampires
For what they've done to me
Tie those horses to the post outside
And let those glass doors open wide
And in their surface, see two young savage things
Barely worth remembering
Feast like pagans, never get enough
Sleep like dead men, wake up like dead men
And when the sun comes, try not to hate the light
Someday we'll try to walk upright
Crawl 'till dawn
On my hands and knees
Goddamn these bite marks
Deep in my arteries
Crawl 'till dawn
On my hands and knees
Goddamn these vampires
For what they've done to me 
Crude little wooden idols and aviator shades
The trinkets and the treasures we brought back from the crusades
Some guy in an Impala shakes his head when he rides by
But I remember when we shared a vision, you and I
Worked hard to build this altar, we made it earn its keep
The cracks across its surface spiderweb while we're asleep
The sacrificial stains all spread out and soaking through
But I remember when we kept it pretty, me and you
And high above the water the eagle spots the fish
Every martyr in this jungle is gonna get his wish
Stockshots, stupid stockshots from the Pamona mall
Set up like unloved icons gathering dust up on the wall
From films no one remembers they call down silently
But I remember when their names were dear to you and me
Pennies on the dollar, everything's gotta go
The things that we can't even give away, I don't wanna know
Try to see if secrets burn when you hold them up into the light
I remember when we loved each other day and night
And high above the water the eagle spots the fish
Every martyr in the jungle is gonna get his wish 
I heard the wings beat on the wind tonight
As the heat stole power from the darkening light
I saw the streets fill up with people that I knew
People who look like you
Rise if you're sleeping, stay awake
We are young supernovas and the heat's about to break
Drift through the streets, walk between the cars
Newborn sons and daughters spat forth from distant stars
The summer will reveal itself to those whose hearts are true
And to the faithless few
Rise if you're sleeping, stay awake
We are young supernovas and the heat's about to break
Who will rise and who will sink?
Who's going to stand his ground and who's going to blink?
Surge forward from Van Cortlandt Park like frightened sheep
Spirit throngs that hoist us high, three-thousand warriors deep
Spray our dreams on any surface where the paint will stick
Try to time the rhythm, listen for the click
Rise if you're sleeping, stay awake
We are young supernovas and the heat's about to break
The best ever death metal band out of Denton
Was a couple of guys who'd been friends since grade school
One was named Cyrus, the other was Jeff
And they practiced twice a week in Jeff's bedroom
The best ever death metal band out of Denton
Never settled on a name
But the top three contenders after weeks of debate
Were Satan's Fingers, and The Killers, and The Hospital Bombers
Jeff and Cyrus believed in their hearts
They were headed for stage lights and lear jets and fortune and fame
So in script that made prominent use of a pentagram
They stenciled their drum heads and guitars with their names
And this was how Cyrus got sent to the school
Where they told him he'd never be famous
And this was why Jeff, in the letters he'd write to his friend
Helped develop a plan to get even
When you punish a person for dreaming his dream
Don't expect him to thank or forgive you
The best ever death metal band out of Denton
Will in time both outpace and outlive you
Hail Satan
Hail Satan tonight
Hail Satan
Hail, hail 
Sophomore year
You rushed for an average of eight and third yards per carry
All eyes were on you
Junior year
You blew your knee out at an out town game
Nowhere to go but down, down, down
Nothing but the ground left for you to fall to
By July
You'd made a whole bunch of brand new friends
People you used to look down on
And you'd figured out a way to make real money
Giving ends to your friends and it felt stupendous
Chrome spokes on your Japanese bike
But selling acid was a bad idea
And selling it to a cop was a worse one
And the new law said that seventeen year olds could do federal time
You were the first one
So I sing this song for you
William Stanaforth Donahue
Your grandfather rode the boat over from Ireland
But you made a bad decision or two
Dug up a fifth of Hood River gin
That stuff tastes like medicine
But I'll take it
It'll do
On the couch in the living room all day long
Music on the television playing our song
And I'm in the mood
The mood for you
Turn the volume up real high
All of that money, look at it fly
And you smoking
Like a chimney
Shadows crawled across the living room's length
I held onto you with a desperate strength
With everything
With everything in me
And I handed you a drink of the lovely little thing
On which our survival depends
People say friends don't destroy one another
What do they know about friends?
Thunderclouds forming, cream white moon
Everything's going to be okay soon
Maybe tomorrow
Maybe the next day
Carried you up the stairs that night
All of this could be yours if the price is right
I heard cars headed down to oblivion
Up on the expressway
Your drunken kisses, as light as the air
Maybe everything that falls down eventually rises
Our house sinking into disrepair
Ah, but look at this showroom filled with fabulous prizes 
I hope that our few remaining friends
Give up on trying to save us
I hope we come up with a fail-safe plot
To piss off the dumb few that forgave us
I hope the fences we mended
Fall down beneath their own weight
And I hope we hang on past the last exit
I hope it's already too late
And I hope the junkyard a few blocks from here
Someday burns down
And I hope the rising black smoke carries me far away
And I never come back to this town again
In my life, I hope I lie
And tell everyone you were a good wife
And I hope you die
I hope we both die
I hope I cut myself shaving tomorrow
I hope it bleeds all day long
Our friends say it's darkest before the sun rises
We're pretty sure they're all wrong
I hope it stays dark forever
I hope the worst isn't over
And I hope you blink before I do
And I hope I never get sober
And I hope when you think of me years down the line
You can't find one good thing to say
And I'd hope that if I found the strength to walk out
You'd stay the hell out of my way
I am drowning, there is no sign of land
You are coming down with me, hand in unlovable hand
And I hope you die
I hope we both die
I was driving in from Tampa when the radiator burst
I was three sheets to the wind, a civilian saw me first
And then there was the cop and then the children standing on the corner
Your love is like a cyclone in a swamp and the weather's getting warmer
I was getting out of jail, headed to the Greyhound
You said you'd hop on one yourself and meet me on the way down
I was shaking way too hard to think, dead on my feet, about to drop
Went and got the case of vodka from the car and walked the two miles to the bus stop
Got on the bus half-drunk again, the driver glared at me
Met up with you in Ingles, thumbed a ride to Cedar Key
If we never make it back to California, I want you to know I love you
But my love is like a dark cloud full of rain, always right there up above you 
Well, guy in a skeleton costume comes up to the guy in the Superman suit
Runs through him with a broadsword
I flip the television off, bring all the bright lights up
Turn the radio up loud
I don't know why I'm so persuaded
That if I think things through
Long enough and hard enough
I'll somehow get to you
But then you came in and we locked eyes
You kicked the ashtray over as we came toward each other
Stubbed my cigarette out against the west wall
Quickly lit another
Look at that, would you look at that?
We're throwing off sparks
What will I do when I don't have you
To hold onto in the dark?
Yes, everybody's going to need a witness
Everybody's going to need a little backup in case the scene gets nasty
You throw the attic window open and I throw myself all around you
And night comes to Tallahassee
I don't know why it's gotten harder to keep myself away
Thought I'd finally beat the feeling back, it all came back today
And then we fell down and we locked arms, we knocked the dresser over as we rolled across the floor
I don't mean it when I tell you that I don't love you anymore
Look at that, would you look at that?
The way the ceiling starts to swerve
What will I do when I don't have you?
When I finally get what I deserve
you say you came to see me,
because you had nothing else to do,
but I've got a radio.
you say you'd thought you'd stop on by
and let me have a look at you,
but I've got a radio.
I've got a radio.
I've got a radio.
I've got a radio.
I've got a radio.
you say you brought some photographs,
but I don't care to see them,
'cause I've got a radio.
you say this place must get dull sometimes,
but that's not the way I see it.
'cause I've got a radio.
I've got a radio.
I've got a radio.
I've got me a radio.
I've got a radio.
you see these frogs are treacherous,
but how long has it been since you've seen my feet?
you see, I've got a radio.
you warned me about all sorts of things,
but that's not the sort of warning that I need.
you see, I've got a radio.
I've got a radio.
I've got a radio.
I've got a radio.
I've got a radio.
the sun was coming up, and our friend was sound asleep.
but we saw through the window, that the water ran so deep,
that you couldn't make out, the ocean floor,
then I saw you in the light. I couldn't take it any more.
give me your hand.
give me everything you've got.
and the light from window will fall on us burning hot,
just like a torch.
the air was humid; I will not forget.
when we stepped outside, I hear your footsteps.
now in my mind, it's a soft sound,
almost imperceptible, against the giving ground.
let me kiss your eyelids with my lips.
let me feel the heat coming off your fingertips,
just like a torch.
You were all dressed in green
Clouds bounced against the edges of the sky
You had the prettiest hair I'd ever seen
We watched the world passing by
There was an ocean's droning
Though we were nowhere near the shore
We heard each other giggling and moaning
Then we couldn't hear each other anymore
When my head was resting on your breastbone
I could hear your beating heart
And 24 hours later, you had left me completely alone
I watched the whole world come apart
And you were all dressed in green
Rising in the sky was an unfamiliar star
And you know what I mean
I remember who you are
There's a north wind coming in
and there's a west wind coming in
and there's an east wind coming in
and there's a strong wind blowing in from the south
and there's a sweet metallic taste in my mouth.
there's a dead feeling lingering over the wind.
and there's a one-way ticket in my hot little hand
and I'm kissing your eyelids and I'm going to japan.
there's life and liberty on my tongue
and there's a dead silence where the wind-chimes hung
and on some mountain somewhere in the world it's snowing
but here in the fields there's not a thing growing.
maybe next year, ya know, there is a way of knowing.
there's wind coming in from all directions.
there's a coat on my shoulders--midnight connections.
and I'm kissing you and leaving you behind in the sand.
I'm holding you a while then I'm going to japan.
When I woke up on saturday and you came in
you brought the sunlight in
I felt sleep slipping away from me
I feel things occasionally like this
fresh cherries
hanging from your fingers
when the water on the window let the sunlight through
and I got a good look at you
standing above me bright and tall
there are no words for it
there are no words at all
I saw
fresh cherries
hanging from your fingers
i meant to leave the house this morning
and begin making my way toward where you are
i meant to leave the house this morning
i made it halfway across the front yard
but the plum tree hung heavy in my head
and the plum tree hung heavy in my heart
and the plum tree hung heavy over me
so i tore off to the phone
to call you and tell you something, but i couldn't remember what
because through the clean, clean windows
saw the plum tree's leaves, as red as fresh blood
and the plum tree hung heavy in my head
and the plum tree hung heavy in my heart
and the plum tree hung heavy over me
What's going to be the death of me?
Static electricity.
What's making me take it all too far?
You are.
You are.
What's kepping me up at night?
The streetlight.
What's finally gonna let me sleep alright?
You might.
You might.
How do i know what i know?
Where did our love go?
How come the river froze over this year?
What are we hiding here?
I saw you waiting by the mailbox.
Saw the mailman come.
Saw the neighbors poke their heads out of their windows.
I saw everyone
They're gonna find intelligent life up there on the moon
And the canterbury tales will shoot up to the top of the best seller list
And stay there for 27 weeks
And the chicago cubs will beat every team in the league
And the tampa bay bucs will make it the way to january
And I will love you again
I will love you, like I used to
I will love you again
I will love you, like I used to
The stars are gonna spell out the answers to tomorrow's crosswords
And the phillips corporation will admit that they've made an awful mistake
And bill gates
Will single handedly spearhead the heaven seventeen revival
And the chicago cubs will beat every team in the league
And the tampa bay bucs will take it all the way to the top
And I will love you again
I will love you, like I used to
And I will love you again
I will love you, like I used to 
You looked real calm as we made our way up the walk
there were lazy kisses, hands brushing and small talk
the moon was high, your smooth face was dry, and the kudzu grew
and the stars fell on alabama
and your eyes filled up with light
and the stars fell on alabama
the warm earth underneath us gave way
dry grass crinkled like paper as a breeze came in across the bay
cold clean water nearby, glimmered in your eyes
and your pistol glistened.
and the stars fell on alabama
and your eyes filled up with light
and the stars fell on alabama
but if you think I'll take a bullet for you - you're dreaming.
I cut down that withered peach tree
Just like you asked me to
And I hacked it into pieces
Set it on fire with your face in plain view
At the near window where you stood
Watching me split the wood
I will do as I am told
I will keep away the cold
The fire pit in the snow
Gave off a rich, bright, orange-red glow
A familiar scent rose up into the air
And I remembered something special from a long time ago
You opened up the door
Stepped away from the killing floor
Your footprint on the snow is fresh and new
When you touched me I felt fire coming through
I will do as I am told
I will keep away the cold
The ghostly sing-song
Of the children playing double-dutch
I felt the wind come through the window
I felt it turn around and switch back
In the second story room
In Jamaica, Queens
Your hair was dripping wet
Your skin was clean
And the children skipping rope
Tripled their speed
You were all I'd ever wanted
You were all I'd ever need
In New York City in the middle of July
The air was heavy and wet
The air was heavy, your body was heavy on mine
I will know who you are yet, I will know who you are yet
The waves were beating
Against the shore
The waves were beating
As if they hadn't before
The dock was soaking
The wood was wet
Your hair blew madly
I can't forget.
We went down to the boat.
We went down to the boat.
Yeah!
The rushing water
The pale sky
Hey, that's a good way
To let the dock dry
You know what i mean
We were slaves
The word was lurching
The dark way
As we went down to the boat
We went down to the boat.
We went down to the boat.
We went down to the boat.
Yeah!
on the last of his life, jimi hendrix woke up
and made his way down the hall
and he adjusted the knobs on the shower till the water came out just the
way he liked it
it was hot but not too hot
it was hot but not too hot
on the last afternoon of his life, jimi hendrix went to the kitchen
and got himself a glass of water
he put four ice cubes into the glass
there is nothing like cold water
there is nothing
You and me are in a lot of trouble
And somebody's gonna burst our bubble
Your husband
My wife
My marriage
Your life
Let's go to Maine out on the East Coast
Let's go to Maine right now
Let's beat the retreat
Let's hop on the plane
Let's get out of here
Let's go to Maine
Someone knows what's going on
Someone knows, and someone's gonna tell
Someone's gonna wrap us up in styrofoam and paper
And mail us flat-rate right down to Hell
The summer crawled by indetectably.
And then i saw you looking down to me.
And your earrings sparkled in the noon-day sun,
And though it's very true that i love everyone,
With every ounce of energy left in me,
I love you especially because
I saw you, coming through
The screen door on the second floor,
Up on the balcony.
It was hard to even see you at all,
Because the air was thick with alcohol
So i kept on rubbing my eyes,
For all the good it did me,
For all the immeasurable good it did me,
Let the years come and take away my memory,
I will not forget the shock that ran through me when,
I saw you, coming through
The screen door on the second floor,
Up on the balcony
The light hit the rings
Glimmering on his fingers
The light came down
And his hands hit the keys
It utterly wasted me in sweden
The horns punched the air
The aftermath fell around everywhere
I saw the spotlight land on his rings
And i'd had just about enough losing things
In sweden in nineteen sixty-two
Quite some distance from you
the girl who'd been haunting your dreams all your life
the butcher from brooklyn, the butcher's wife
the girl who kissed you in the seventh grade
her and all the others lined up behind the gate
the two angels came to sodom in the evening
when the sun up in the sky was bleeding all over you
and you had your camera
and you had your felt tip
and you had some money
and you had everything you needed
the two angels came to sodom in the evening
we saw you coming up the boulevard
the two angels came to sodom in the evening
when the sun was bleeding all over you
No one knows where the lone wolf sleeps
No one sees the hidden treasure in the castle keep
No one learns the secret name
No one burns in the absent flame
No one broke D.B. Cooper's fall
No one hopes to hear the bagman call
Children piping in the main square
But no one's dancing
No one's dancing down there
The river goes where the water flows
But no one knows where the Batcave closed
The river goes where the water flows
But no one knows where the Batcave closed
No promise sweeter than a blood pact
Nothing harder to go through than a vanishing act
No morning colder than the first frost
No friends close than the ones we've lost
Nothing sharper than a serpent's tooth
Nothing harder than the gospel truth
Though you repent and don sackcloth and try to make nice
You can't cross the same river twice
The river goes where the water flows
But no one knows where the Batcave closed
The river goes where the water flows
But no one knows where the Batcave closed
There's a club where you'd like to go
You could meet someone who's lost like you
Revel in the darkness like a pair of open graves
Fumble through the fog for a season or two
No town more barren than our town
No haven safer than the one they tore down
No greater love than to lay my life down for a friend
No sweeter pleasure than to see the credits clear through to the end
No one knows where the lone wolf's gone
No one sees it camped out right there in the front lawn
We played for you but you would not sing
No one was going to get away with anything
The river goes where the water flows
But no one knows where the Batcave closed
The river goes where the water flows
But no one knows where the Batcave closed